My good nephew daughter
As long as you kneel down and apologize
Uncle will definitely forgive you this time.
Get down on your knees
Quickly apologize to my uncle
Zhang Xueyao kneel
I'm right why kneel
It's the other way around.
Even my words didn't work. Okay.
I will call Zhang Xiaotian now
Let him roll over
See how his good daughter treats her elders
Ok you don't kneel
I will make Zhang Xiaotian kneel
You don't apologize
I will ask Zhang Xiaotian to apologize.
I'd like to see if he dares to go against my wish
You can apologize.
But I can't kneel
No, that's right.
No, you have to kneel
You push your luck.
I'll say it one last time
If you don't kneel, I'll let you kneel as Takata
My wife is right
Why kneel?